you imagine if you found out how ironic
would it be if you found out that like
Stanford and Harvard or banded together
to try to stop this from coming out
because it would kill their business and
it was like you know just like a little
boy College Admission scandals going
down oh yeah it's so great if there was
a scandal that all these higher
universities had banded together to try
to stop this because he was gonna kill
the business like everybody can know
everything we tell them more than
everything we tell I'm going on some
college tours already Jesus Christ yeah
oh my god it really makes you think
like why do they really need this this
is expensive
Aoyama they really need a degree and all
this I don't know it's a weird business
man
it's a dull total weird business I don't
know why it cost so much I'll tell you
why why because the administrators are
all making Bank is that what it is yeah
it's all the money yeah come on
so all these kids generations are in
debt because they have to take these
student loans because college is more
expensive than ever before well it
hasn't changed running the university
leaving the teachers with it's the
administration of these giant
universities are making so much money
they're making millions and they keep
cranking it out and they keep needing to
up the up the rate and then they make
money accessible for the students
through loans and then they keep feeding
themselves it's horrible it's a horrible
corrupt system and it's um it's also
subsidized right well the government
will subsidize some yeah yeah yeah how
much is the government subsidized
private education private education I
don't think any yeah you get fast
Fallone oh yeah it's so expensive I mean
you know it's not where - there's like
state schools private schools yes no
they're all cost money mm-hmm everything
costs money yeah what is it like to get
to like us see how much is like a
semester at us
70,000 no now that semester a year a
year is it seventy thousand roughly 70
fifty for the year yeah that's like the
that's the that's the online Google
search thing that's 50 plus your room
and board plus all the rest and if your
kid fucks off yes huge of course they're
gonna do and by the way to have 50 grand
you need to make like 80 right what
taxes oh yeah yeah you said me how to
make 80 grand yeah for a whole year of
your kid being in school yeah and if
your kids just doing bong handsome
totally sure my father dropped me off to
school at school when I was like a
sophomore and it just drove me into
college and drop off my stuff
and I was so psyched to go see my
friends and there's like just can't you
know just work hard be responsible okay
dad okay okay I go running into my dorm
room my buddies are there I haven't seen
them all break Tom they hand me a bong
hey I light up as soon as I walk in my
bags or even haven't even dropped I
light it with my lighter and this huge
flame comes out and poof almost like
lights my house on fire like blah blah
hey papa
your dad's outside he's in the van I'd
forgot something I forgot a lamp in the
van I go running out there I'm like hey
what's up you know hoping I don't smell
he goes hey you forgot you what happened
your eyebrow your eyebrows burnt off
what did you do in the two minutes I
just took the lamb thanks dad see Jack
sees writing checks for me to go do that
no yeah it's brutal Jesus I was just
tuition I saw yeah 75 75 USC one year
room and board at fifteen three that's
gotta be low that's just about over a
thousand a month it's gotta be yeah man
and that's without like if your kid if
you live on the East Coast and you're
flying your kid back and forth and all
the rest of it but look at personal
expense and personal and miscellaneous
1,400 bucks for the year for the under
bucks a month get out yeah yeah that's
crazy get it forget it
the books are gonna be way more than a
hundred bucks a month to the book road
be 1200 a semester probably you should
go to state school you pay a quarter of
that
stay in get your undergrad here's the
things like you could have a nonsense
education like me where you just read
things that you're interested in and
they never get like a real base
education I don't have a degree in
anything you didn't go to college I went
to college but I fucked off I paid
attention yeah what do you mass Boston
oh yeah that's my sister I didn't even
take my SATs
oh really no there was like they had
like a continuing education program he'd
just sign up and start taking classes
there oh nice did you go the whole way
no I went for three years I was barely
paying attention three years yeah I did
I guess I I realized I was doing it a
little bit while I'm still doing
stand-up like well I started doing
stand-up oh it was literally only so
that people didn't think I was a loser
right I just wanted to let people know
I'm doing something I didn't pay
attention at all right well all I was
thinking about was martial arts
competition and then it would stand up
all right well yeah transition right
there yeah once that happens forget it
once I realize that people made money
doing stand-up that's when I quit it
depends on what you want to go do like
there's certain you want to go in law or
you want to do certain you know medicine
there's certain routes where you need a
degree and we really need a degree and
there's definitely something good to
going to school and being around other
people from around the country and all
kind of thinking and for sure it's all
positive but you should not go into debt
I have all these nephews that they got
out of school $30,000 in debt right this
is the start of your life as an adult
the worst thirty thousand in debt they
can't keep up with the payments so then
the interest kicks in and after four
years now they owe fifty thousand and
they're constantly chasing it yeah and
now they ask their parents to help them
out and they cosign now you have two
generations and the taxes right and and
they're now on their second job where no
one cares anymore where you went to
school they never even asked the
question they don't know not instant no
no in certain places yet answered well
it really depends on what you're trying
to do right you've got to be a doctor I
think they care yes
I think they care well yeah it's well
maybe professor you put your applying
for jobs a history professor go into
television production whatever no one
gives a shit that's true if you're gonna
do Hollywood type jobs yeah nobody gives
a fuck now go working in construction
you could do what I wouldn't my whole
thing is and I keep trying to say this
to my daughter is that you should never
don't jeopardize your future for this
degree you can get degrees they'll be
important they'll help you but you
should not strap yourself with debt yeah
that's wise advice yeah
very wise advice and she's like how
about you work harder and just pay for
it and I won't have to be in debt that's
a good thing for her to say yeah it's
clever very smart to set you up and my
other daughter I'm just gonna give her
headshots $300 a head shots right in the
business the business done that old show
business yeah hey everybody's crazy but
I thought show biz people crazy
everyone's crazy every you're crazy I'm
crazy yeah the people who it you think
insurance salesmen people are fucking
crazy
they just better at hiding all day yeah
it's what they do it that's what they do
they hide it they hide it all fucking
day if you were really smart just going
to plumbing listeners not a lot of
flowers out there knows need plumbing
yeah and you make a really good living
at it and there's not a lot of people
that are learning these skills anymore
that's what you should go do or do
something you really want to do find
something you really want to do yeah
maybe you don't want to be a plumber
should it be a requirement that they
know what they want to do before they go
into college no but see what college
should be is education what it really
seems to be more is like prepping you
for the job force mm-hmm you know I mean
there's education as well but it's
prepping you for the job force and
nowadays at least in a certain segment
of the population you're you're getting
these colleges that are also like
socially indoctrinating kids socialist
ideas and a lot of ideas that you know
just are contrary to what probably their
parents taught them so then there's this
internal
butan who's right and who's wrong and do
our rebel against my parents and yeah
the full social justice warrior yeah
yeah join the Young Republicans on
campus and you know the kids are just
trying to find who they are yeah there's
definitely when you walk onto these
campuses even just to tour them which I
never did when I was I just you know
picked one out and went but you going it
the personality of each university is so
dominant as soon as you walk on to the
campus and when to some small really
left liberal arts schools and you just
feel like the posters and everything
you're just like as a as a white male
you're not welcome here at all and then
you go to some other places and it's
just kind of free-flowing and
everybody's just it's into this they're
just all about the football team have
you ever seen the poster it says as a
white male you're not welcome here yeah
we're in my daughter's room but you know
you get like very very progressive and
very you know every everything is an
issue and you know that's where you
develop those idea what I'm saying is
you can really learn from going on these
campuses like oh this is well there's a
vibe you get in dr. indoctrinated into
whatever vibe the campus holds and get
social points for like following those
ideas right as as hardcore as you can
yeah it's really it's really interesting
yeah if you take yourself out of
whichever way you lean if you lean left
you can say well it's because they're
young and they're passionate and they're
right regulan right like ah they're
babies and they're being taught by
people who never made it in the real
world they only just in academia and
they're yeah but just looking instead of
looking at like that yeah look at it
where you don't have a fucking dog in
the fight and just step back and go this
is fascinating
it's like people are just trying to
change and influence people's thinking
and behavior mm-hmm and some of it is to
justify their their own thinking and
behavior some of it is because peeps
some people just like controlling people
right like getting people to listen to
them and some of it is because they
genuinely think that this is for the
best for the human race and it's all
these things are competing together yeah
why you have some people that are
activists and you meet them they're not
annoying at all you're like goddamn
you're really cool yes they're doing it
with the right heart right the right
yeah you have activists that are so what
knowing are they so annoying because
they're not doing it for the right
reasons there's nothing it to try to
change people because they want to poke
you they want to want to have a reason
to be upset at you because you're not
listening to them you're not following
their ideas write them and they're those
are the key words it's about them and
their status and their power over you
and yeah no I know there's a couple
people you know there's a couple people
I know that have gone that way so hard
that you can't even have conversations
with them
yeah I'm both sides it doesn't help it
doesn't it all it does is create more
more conflict like that kind of
combative attitude creates more conflict